.\"
.\"Copyright (c) 2005 X.Org Foundation L.L.C.
.\"
.\"Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
.\"this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
.\"the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
.\"use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
.\"of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
.\"so, subject to the following conditions:
.\"
.\"The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
.\"copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\"
.\"THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
.\"IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
.\"FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
.\"AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
.\"LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
.\"OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
.\"SOFTWARE.
.\"
.\"$Header: /cvs/xtest/xtest/xts5/man/run_assert.man,v 1.2 2005-04-21 09:40:42 ajosey Exp $
.\"Copyright (c) 1994, 1995 Applied Testing and Technology, Inc.
.\"All rights reserved
.TH run_assert "1" "November 1999" "The Open Group" "VSW5"
.SH NAME
run_assert \- run one or more assertions for a single VSW5 Test Case
.SH SYNOPSIS
.in +10n
.ti -10n
\fBrun_assert\fR
[
.B -Truss
] [
.B -NoClean
] 
.I TestCase AssertionNumber...
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fRrun_assert creates a temporary scenario file for the Test Case
and assertions (Test Purposes) specified then uses that scenario
to launch a tcc run.

TestCase is the full name of a scenario file test target (i.e. basename,
log1p, gethostent, c89). If the specified target is not found an
error will be printed and run_assert will abort.

AssertionNumber... is a space separated list of Test Purposes to
execute. If a nonexistent Test Purpose is specified an error
will be printed. The program will continue and run all valid
purposes specified. Test Purposes are run in the order specified.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.B -Truss
.PP
.in +5
Use truss to trace the ttc command as it executes. Truss must be
be available on the system under test for this option to
work. This option executes truss using the -f and -a options.
Output is to standard out and standard error unless
redirected manually.
.PP
.B -NoClean
.PP
.in +5
run_assert normally executes tcc such that it removes any test
files created during the run (-bec options). This option executes
tcc such that test files remain for later examination (-be option).
.PP
Options can be entered in any combination and in any order. Specifying
an option which is not cumulative in nature more than once is allowed.
The program will ignore all but the last occurrence of the option.
.PP
This document presents options with certain letters capitalized.
This is solely for readability. You may enter options
entirely in lower case if you prefer. For example, the noclean
option may be entered as -noclean as well as -NoClean.
.PP
It is often possible to save time by entering only the first few
characters of an option. For example, the program accepts -tr
as an abbreviation for the -Truss option. These abbreviations
are unsupported and may change at any time. If you run this
program automatically via other programs be sure to use full
option names, not abbreviations.
.PP
-Help and -Usage options exist. They print a Usage summary to
the screen.
.SH ERRORS
.PP
This program is unsupported.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
creport tcc truss
.PP
Copyright (c) 1994, 1995 Applied Testing and Technology, Inc.
