.\"
.\"Copyright (c) 2005 X.Org Foundation L.L.C.
.\"
.\"Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
.\"this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
.\"the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
.\"use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
.\"of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
.\"so, subject to the following conditions:
.\"
.\"The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
.\"copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\"
.\"THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
.\"IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
.\"FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
.\"AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
.\"LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
.\"OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
.\"SOFTWARE.
.\"
.\"$Header: /cvs/xtest/xtest/xts5/man/vswrpt.man,v 1.2 2005-04-21 09:40:42 ajosey Exp $
.\"Copyright (c) 1994, 1995 Applied Testing and Technology, Inc.
.\"All rights reserved
.TH vswrpt "1" "November 1999" "The Open Group" "VSW5"
.SH NAME
vswrpt \- Report Generator for the VSW5 Test Suite
.SH SYNOPSIS
.in +10n
.ti -10n
\fBvswrpt\fR
[
.B -d
.I detail
] [
.B -f
.I file_name
] [
.B -h
] [
.B -j
.I dir_number
] [
.B -s
.I scope
] [
.B -t
.I test-case
] [
.B -u
] [
.B -v
] [
.B -w
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fRThe VSW5 Report Generator (vswrpt) produces a 
report from a Test Environment Toolkit (TET) journal file produced from
a run of the VSW5 Test Suite.  The report is written to stdout.
.PP
vswrpt employs the standard TET journal information along with additional
information provided by the Test Suite via the scenario file and the tests
themselves.  This data provides the names of Test Suite Sections and Test Cases
as well as invariant Test Purpose numbering to allow vswrpt to detect
missing Test Cases or Purposes.
.PP
The journal file given to vswrpt must be the result of a tcc command which
includes the -e option.  The -b and/or -c options may also have been used.
vswrpt cannot be used on journal files which do not contain the additional
information provided by VSW5.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 5
.B Journal File Selection
.PP
By default vswrpt uses the most recent journal file under the
directory $TET_ROOT/vsw5/results as input.  Three options allow specification
of alternative files for use as the input journal. 
.PP
.B -f file_name
.PP
.in +5
Use the file 
.I file_name
as the input journal.
.PP
.B -j dir_number
.PP
.in +5
Use the file
.I journal
in the directory under $TET_ROOT/vsw5/results with the specified number as the
input journal.  Leading zeros and additional portions of the directory
name need not be specified, i.e. -j 30 matches 0030bec/journal, 0030b/journal,
etc.
.TP 5
.B -u
Use the most recent journal created by the user running vswrpt as the input journal.
.PP
These options cannot be used in combination.
.PP
.B Detail and Scope
.PP
vswrpt always produces a summary report of the results of the test run in
the input journal.  It can also provide detailed information about the
execution of Test Cases and Test Purposes.  Three options control
what additional information is reported.
.PP 
.B -d detail
.PP
Specifies the level of detail to be provided.
.P
.in +5
0 - All information output by the test run.
.P
.in +5
1 - All information but information output during the build stage truncated after 10 lines.
.P
.in +5
2 - Nothing - no detail information is generated.
.P
.in +5
3 - Results only
.P
.in +5
4 - Assertions and results only.
.PP
The default level of detail is 1.
.PP
.B -s scope
.PP
.in +5
Specifies the type of Test Purposes for which the requested detailed information
will be reported.
.P
.in +5
0 - All Test Purposes.
.P
.in +5
1 - Tests Purposes with result codes of FAIL, UNRESOLVED, UNINITIATED NORESULT, WARNING, or FIP.
.P
.in +5
2 - Test Purposes with result codes of UNINITIATED.
.P
.in +5
3 - Test Purposes with result codes of UNSUPPORTED.
.P
.in +5
4 - Test Purposes with result codes of WARNING or FIP.
.P
.in +5
5 - Test Purposes with result codes of NOTINUSE.
.P
.in +5
6 - Test Purposes with result codes of UNTESTED.
.P
.in +5
7 - Test Purposes with result codes of NORESULT.
.PP
The default scope of detail is 1.
.TP 5
.B -t test_case
.PP
.in +5
Report additional information only for the Test Case
.I test_case.
.PP
The default is to report information for all Test Cases.
.PP
These options may be used in combination.
.PP
.B Other Options
.PP
.TP 10
.B -h
Display usage information.
.TP 10
.B -v
Display program version.
.TP 10
.B -w
Do not report on a specific journal but rather print a summary of the journals
in $TET_ROOT/vsw5/results.
.PP
.SH FIP RESULTS
\fRA Further Information Provided (FIP) result code indicates that manual
analysis is required to resolve an anomaly.  In some cases FIP results
are generated by Test Purposes themselves but primarily they are
produced during report generation.  If compiler warnings are present in the 
journal for the build phase of a test suite file and the result of a
Test Purpose in that file would otherwise be PASS vswrpt changes the
result to FIP.  This indicates the compiler warnings must be manually
examined and either corrected or justified.
.PP
.SH UNINITIATED RESULTS
\fRAn UNINITIATED result code indicate that a Test Purpose was not
executed, usually due to a compiler error during the build phase.
vswrpt is aware of which Test Purposes are executed and will report
result of UNINITIATED for each Test Purpose which is not run.  This
indicates that the compiler error should be corrected and the test
re-run.
.PP
.SH REPORT FORMATS
\fRThe summary report produced by vswrpt has two formats, depending on
whether a Section or Sections of VSW5 were run
or merely one or more specific Test Cases.  Each report format
provides a summary of the result codes reported by the Test Purposes in
the test run.
.PP
Detail information varies in format depending on what is requested with the
-d option.
.PP
If all detail information is requested (-d 0 or 1), for each Test Purpose
in the requested scope the assertion is given followed by all
the messages output by the Test Purpose followed by the result code reported.  
If compiler detail is requested (-d 0), compiler messages causing FIP
or UNINITIATED result codes are also given.
.P
Within the messages output by Test Purposes indenting is used
to indicate the context (e.g. parent process, child process, etc.)
which produced the message.  Each new context created causes
vswrpt to indent Test Purpose messages an additional two spaces.
.PP
Subsets of the full detail information are produced if detail information
containing only results and assertions or results only is requested.
.PP
.SH ERRORS
\fRIf the number of Test Purposes in a Test Case or Section does not match the
expected number vswrpt will print error messages following the summary
report.
.PP
If the activity numbers of statements in the journal file are not
sequential vswrpt will print an error message to stderr.
No report is generated.
.PP
vswrpt will print an error and usage message to stderr if illegal options
are specified. No report is generated.
.PP
vswrpt will print an error message to stderr if format errors are encountered
in the journal file.  No report is generated.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
vswrptm
.PP
Copyright (c) 1994, 1995 Applied Testing and Technology, Inc.
